Mom, why hasn't my sister arrived yet?
If Jiang Wenxing comes later
I found out that my sister, the protagonist, has not come yet.
It's time to say that our Zhang family is unreasonable.
That is.
As Jiang Wenxing, he can come and have a blind date with Ning Yu
That gave us a big face in the Zhang family
Mom and Dad, I'm here.
Why did you just come?
This is his family Xiao Wuji
He's my boyfriend.
When did you have a boyfriend?
You know I'm here to have a blind date with you today
You suddenly brought your boyfriend here
How do you want me to explain to the Jiang family?
This is because you insist on my blind date.
I just brought Brother Wuji here
As for how to deal with the Jiang family
That's your business.
You can tell by looking at your clothes.
He's a powerless punk
How can you be with such a person?
Jiang Wenxin is the eldest son of the Jiang family
Future successor of the Jiang family
He has a very different identity
Hurry up and get rid of this hut agency
He's my boyfriend.
If you drive him away
I'm not staying here either
You are a guest
Is there any touching truth?
Since he is Ning Yu's boyfriend
Just come and sit
Blind Wuji, right?
There's no room for you here.
That is.
Our Zhang family also has a head and a face in Beihai
No.
All cats and dogs cooperate with us to sit together